It's so good I could suck on it all day, it's just hard to get anything to come out.
I probably look funny doing it, but it's a great workout.
It's too big! It will never fit!
I hate it when they pull out when they know you are coming!
I have to wash off my hands. After sucking on that thing they're all sticky.
Yeah, when you suck on it, it gets harder.
Oh my God, something just exploded in my mouth!
Wow! It's so much better when you do it faster!
Take it out and start working on it.
I wish you would finish already.
This thing is huge. I can hardly put my hand around it and it wont fit in my mouth.
When you push it down, it's supposed to rise back up.
I hate it when balls come near me.
Alright Justin, what am I doing wrong here, help me out cause it shouldn't take this long.
Wow, why do you only have one hand on there? Is it not big enough for both of them?
I think I cant swallow it anymore.
I like the long thick black ones.
Will you be wet forever?
It was coming at my face!
Just close your eyes and shove it in your mouth. Its small, slimy, and a little salty so you swallow it quick so you don't gag.
He just jammed it in and it really hurt!
The bigger ones aren't as good." Then my sister asks "Are they not as flavorful and juicy?" and my mom replies with, "Exactly, the larger ones taste worse.
It won't go in, it's just way to small!
It's not going to hurt is it? Should I look away?" She says: "You will definitely feel it inside you. If it feels too hard, then we can slow down.
OMG! IT'S NOT GOING IN!
You put it the wrong hole... take it out!" I yelled, in despair, "It won't come!
Pull it out! Pull it out!
You just gotta stick it in there and move it around until the hole gets bigger, and that makes it easier to put it in next time.
I like the big ones
Grrr! This thing needs to be a lot bigger!!!
Just stick it in already!
Wow! That one was hard to blow."TWSS. A second later my mom comes in and said "Aren't they always hard
You'll Be There" by George Strait and there's a line that goes "And it might be a long, hard ride, but I'm gonna take it.
GUYS GET OFF YOUR GONNA BREAK IT!! YOU CANT GET ON IT WHEN ITS DROOPING DOWN LIKE THAT!!!
I love to suck them to get the juice.
Wow, this is a lot to swallow
Well, his is stiffer but yours is longer
Kaitlyn, what hole should I stick it in? the one in the front or the one in the back
This would be so much more enjoyable if the balls were smaller.
WOW! That one is so big it makes we want it even more!
You have to wait for it to get hard and firm and then you can put it in.
wow I didn't expect it to be that big
Gonna push it to the limit, give it more!
pinch pots" he said, referring to our thumb and the clay, " push it in, and when you think it's far enough, go a little farther.
Take that out of your mouth! I'm supposed to do that, remember?
it won't work!!" my guy friend, sitting near me then proceeded to yell  in the fairly quiet art room, "keep squeezing, I know you can do it!
It was long, and had a gigantic head.
Just stick it in...Not there! Not there!
It slides in your mouth easier.
Just stick it in...Not there! Not there!
Ow, please don't put it in that hole, it really hurts.
I yanked on it really hard, but it wouldn't go up.
Just give me something to shove in my mouth!
Why is this in my mouth!?
Shake it hard, that way it'll all come out
It hurts when you squeeze me there.
I like the bigger ones better because I can hold them better.
we only put hard things in our mouth
when you get it open I know just the right way to squeeze it to get all the juice out
How much for a finger and a movie?
When he turns it up, it goes so hard it hurts...Like it made me cry.
Yeah, it's hard. Why doesn't someone come up here and do 69 with me in front of the class?
It's stuck! Help me get it out!
It's so small, but it's so fun and nice to play with!
Just because it's small doesn't mean it doesn't work
Please don't feel threatened by the thickness of this. It shouldn't be too hard.
These things are great, you just slide it up and down on the bar, but you have to make sure it's sticky. Not too sticky because then it doesn't budge but if it is too loose it just slides up and down with no control!
It went in already! i didn't even feel it!
The main goal I have here is to be able to take it out and pop it straight in my mouth without any pain.
happy hour specials
Too late! It's already in my mouth and it tastes fine to me.
Whats that?" My mom goes, "Thats where all the tasty juice comes out.
I have to change positions! It's all sticky over here!
Yeah, they're slick when they don't have anything on them.
Can you just get it in already?
Do you know how long it'd take me to suck in order to get a swallow full?
As soon as I pulled it out I found the other hole.
This one looks like a smally one, but a fun one.
Ahh! It just squirted on my face!
hello?" and the woman on the line said, "You're going in and out.
Mmmm it's so juicy." Pauly D immediately said: "TWSS.
No, you have to stick your whole hand in there.
Man, I could honk on this thing all day!
Let's just do this one orally because it will gradually get harder as we go on.
It wasn't hard but it was in so it still counts!
not everyone can do it, there's a technique for getting on and staying in, and frankly getting out can be just as difficult. Not to mention, a lot of people don't know what they're doing while they're in there.
That's too much meat to put inside your body at once. But I enjoy it.
How am I supposed to get my mouth around this?
Haha, my hole got super big.
It's too big for my mouth.
You can't put it in yet, it's not hard.
We almost have this! Push harder!
Can you go a little deeper?
can only take in so much at a time.
 I want to blow that one!
How do you caulk it, because my husband nailed it but it wasn't filled.
You idiot, wrong hole!
You have to wrap your hands around it and rub it up and down vigorously.
I'm sucking hard but it's not coming up.
Oh no, it's leaking white stuff.
I wish we would have recorded that moment when the thing blew up and exploded all over my face!
It's such a tight fit with the other three already in there!
just go eat your fruit." The teacher kept walking around the classroom so in response she said, "I'm trying to but every time I put it in my mouth he comes.
OMG, it's not coming out! No matter how much I suck, its too thick.
Why don't you just come at the same time as me?
If one of you starts squirting that thing around, this is going to get serious.
You put in slow and pull it out fast.
Dont come in my face and expect me to keep my mouth shut!
You need to be careful with your fingering, or else you won't make it all the way up.
That was quick.
They're getting HUGE!" (TWSS) I then proceeded to say, "Yeah, they make yours look tiny.
I think the main problem is I use my hand so much it doesn't get a break.
Eww! What is that nasty white stuff?!
who pulls a muffin out of their pocket?" She then stated, "I didn't have enough hands to hold it!
Don't put that in there, the hole is too dirty
Don't blow but finger them.
I can't imagine what it would be like to be on the receiving end of that thing.
Do I still have white stuff on my face?" ,and the other girl looked and said, "No, I think its all cleaned up.
I think I can squeeze you in.
You have to pull it out, shake it a little, give it a minute then stick it in really fast.
You need to quit sticking your fingers in things.
Yeah, the bigger it is, the harder it is.
Oh this popped out, do I just put it back in?
You're going to get yourself in a deep hole.
That's not doing the job, let's try it without the rubber now.
...it was mostly oral.
Just put it in, make sure it won't come out, and I will take care of the rest.
Messed up the entry there. Sorry, let's try that again.
We need at least 6 more inches before we can continue.
Yeah, he was trying to get all deep with me, and he just kept plugging away at but it wasn't working.
What kinda hole do you put that big thing in?
Get your hand outta the hole!
Come on! Let's get it in!
Look, my lord, it comes!
Pull it out, pull it out!
You looked like you had two enormous balls in your mouth.
When it's finished, where does it come out from?
You have to keep shaking it, that's how you make it hard!
I love BJ's.
I don't mind that it's skinny, it's just not long enough.
Can I take notes on the back of the paper?" And my teacher replied, "Now, the back is just as good as the front.
It's too long and my throat hurts.
lock-in" in which we stayed up all night last night. At about 3:30 in the morning a couple of us where sitting around telling jokes and my friend told a whole bunch in a row. When he said he couldn't think of any more a girl said, "Nooo that was great, keep going!
It's too big!" and then forced it in and said, "Now I can't get it out!
Reach down there and pull out some balls.
Hold on, I have nuts in my mouth.
 You can lick it all you want, but don't bite it.
Whoa, wait a second. How on earth did that get in there?
the smallest I'll go for is 3.5 inches.
Oh, come on! Just stick it in already.
I just can't get it in there.
Okay Liam, stick it in there.
Art thou coming?
I tried to stick a tampon and a few other things in there but it just didn't stop anything, so I figured it was time to call a big, strong man to do the job for me.
It's so big! I can see it getting up there but I don't know if it'll fit in.
They look thick to begin with, but when you put them in your mouth it is really quite surprising our thick they really are.
Oh, yeah, I finger myself all the time.
You're really shoving it in, aren't you?
The dentist said I should just massage it nice and easy to make it feel harder.
It almost slipped out of my hand!
Aww, I just needed two more inches.
Well if we go down, we go down together.
It's still coming, and it's going keep coming for a while.
I tried to blow it, but it got in my eyes.
Be very careful,if you slip, it might break.
I think I'd know if something went down my throat or not!
Oh my God! It keeps on coming!
Stop playing with it and just put it in already!
Just stick it wherever it will fit.
No! You can't go in that way!
Don't you dare pull that out yet!
I think I need a big black one.
Oops, sorry, I swallowed.
Don't worry, it won't be very long. Or hard, for that matter.
All he does is sit there and rub his tin sword all day long.
Ahh, I got juice all over me!
Holy fuck, why is this so hard?
It's too big, it won't fit.
10 inches, black, nothing special.
Take off the wrapper and pop that sucker in.
Don't let it get sticky back there or we won't do it again.
I don't think I can swallow this.
I'm so mad! I haven't done it for so long and then I fell asleep!
We haven't done 69 in a long time so you might not remember how to do it.
It's too small, I won't be able to play with this!
I blew another huge one!
Here you hold it, and i'll slip it in, ok?
Does it have be just one partner or can it be a three-way?
It's so hard, I cant do it anymore!
When you lick it you get white stuff on your tongue.
Oh wow! They're so big! I hope they'll be able to fit in my mouth!
Stick it in your mouth and blow quickly.
be careful not to put it in the wrong hole.
I love you, but you have to get out from between my legs
Looks like I'm going to be riding this one. It looks pretty big, but I think I can handle it.
Put it back in, it's still moist in the middle.
Now if I can just get it in the hole, I'll show it to you up close and personal.
...a great penetration!
That just kind of squirted out there, didn't it!
Oh it feels so good, you just insert here and squeeze.
